Which internet company began life as an online bookstore called 'Cadabra'?
Whistler was the codename of this Microsoft Operating System.
Moore's law originally stated that the number of transistors on a microprocessor chip would double every...
What does AD stand for in relation to Windows Operating Systems? 
When was the programming language \"C#\" released?
What five letter word is the motto of the IBM Computer company?
On which computer hardware device is the BIOS chip located?
All of the following programs are classified as raster graphics editors EXCEPT:
The computer OEM manufacturer Clevo, known for its Sager notebook line, is based in which country?
Nvidia's headquarters are based in which Silicon Valley city?
What did the name of the Tor Anonymity Network orignially stand for?
What was the first commerically available computer processor?
What was the name given to Android 4.3?
On which day did the World Wide Web go online?
While Apple was formed in California, in which western state was Microsoft founded?
What does the acronym CDN stand for in terms of networking?
Generally, which component of a computer draws the most power?
How many cores does the Intel i7-6950X have?
Which one of these is not an official development name for a Ubuntu release?
In the server hosting industry IaaS stands for...
Which coding language was the #1 programming language in terms of usage on GitHub in 2015?
What is the name of the default theme that is installed with Windows XP?
In the programming language \"Python\", which of these statements would display the string \"Hello World\" correctly?
In HTML, which non-standard tag used to be be used to make elements scroll across the viewport?
In CSS, which of these values CANNOT be used with the \"position\" property?
What is the correct term for the metal object in between the CPU and the CPU fan within a computer system?
In programming, the ternary operator is mostly defined with what symbol(s)?
In computing terms, typically what does CLI stand for?
How fast is USB 3.1 Gen 2 theoretically?
What does \"LCD\" stand for?
Which operating system was released first?
Which of the following is a personal computer made by the Japanese company Fujitsu?
.rs is the top-level domain for what country?
.at is the top-level domain for what country?
What is known as \"the brain\" of the Computer?
What does the term GPU stand for?
What is the main CPU is the Sega Mega Drive / Sega Genesis?
What was the first Android version specifically optimized for tablets?
Which of these people was NOT a founder of Apple Inc?
When did the online streaming service \"Mixer\" launch?
Laserjet and inkjet printers are both examples of what type of printer?
What does the term MIME stand for, in regards to computing?
Which programming language was developed by Sun Microsystems in 1995?
The name of technology company HP stands for what?
Approximately how many Apple I personal computers were created?
